---
layout: post
title: "God's Plan"
img: himalayan.jpg # Add image post (optional)
date: 2020-08-01 12:55:00 +0300
description: You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. # Add post description (optional)
tag: [Travel, Blogging, Mountains]
---
A sundry of pictures revolve around nature, appraising the elemental contents of earth. The god’s plan was captured near a huge power plant with the buzz of constant power being transmitted to a number of cities through the colossal transmission towers. Here the juxtaposition is such that the people who pay receive the power whereas nature is indiscriminate towards everyone, it persistently gives with no desire to get anything back.

> Even in that mind-numbing sound of civilization the god’s plan continues to stay intact. 

Unravelling the patches of leaves that give a dimension to this shot, we come across the supreme viridity of the unscaled mountains that exist as far as the eye can see. The parallelism of the holes in the leaves, seems like a detrimental effect of wrongdoings, along with the serene mountains that thrive can be mapped to how humans are doing well in the big picture but as an individual they reek and are desiccated. The valley makes the god’s plan more intuitive for the viewer, dramatising the shot and fading away with distance. The landscape speaks different stories for each of these mountains and possibly each of the trees that stands. The stories of mountains are such that they have been told incessantly to the sky where the clouds appear shapeless, tangibly taking up space amidst the shades of turquoise.